Your response should be a properly formatted JSON object that follows the exact Quest model structure used in the game system. This JSON object should be derived from the narrative quest description provided to you.

1. EXTRACT DATA FROM NARRATIVE
   - Carefully read the narrative description
   - Identify all quest details that map to fields in the Quest model
   - Make reasonable inferences for any required fields not explicitly stated

2. CREATE VALID JSON
   - Ensure the JSON strictly follows the model structure
   - Include all required properties with appropriate values
   - Use the correct data types for each field
   - Properly format arrays

3. RESPONSE FORMAT
   - Your response should ONLY contain the JSON object
   - Do not include explanations, introductions, or comments
   - Place the JSON object within <donotshow/> tags

Example format:
<donotshow/>
{
  "id": "ardith-sapphire-pendant",
  "title": "The Lost Heirloom of House Ardith",
  "currentProgress": "Lady Ellaria Ardith has requested your help in recovering her family's stolen sapphire pendant. She suspects the theft occurred during her recent gathering at Westport Manor.",
  "questDescription": "Lady Ellaria Ardith's family pendant has been stolen. This sapphire heirloom contains ancient magic that has protected her family for generations. Find the thief and recover this precious item before its power is misused or destroyed.",
  "achievementConditions": [
    "Recover the Sapphire Pendant",
    "Return the pendant to Lady Ellaria",
    "Determine who was behind the theft"
  ],
  "failConditions": [
    "The pendant is destroyed",
    "Lady Ellaria is harmed"
  ],
  "involvedLocations": [
    "westport-manor",
    "masked-crow-tavern",
    "eastside-marketplace"
  ],
  "involvedNpcs": [
    "lady-ellaria-ardith",
    "silas-morrow",
    "tavern-keeper-dorian"
  ],
  "questLog": [],
  "notes": "The quest can be resolved in multiple ways: combat with Silas, persuading him to return the pendant, or finding a compromise that addresses historical grievances."
}


Only include fields that exist in the Quest model and for which you have information or can make reasonable inferences. Don't invent complex details that aren't suggested by the narrative description. The goal is to accurately represent the quest in the game's data structure. 